use proper punctuation in text formatting (#1718)
vuejs/docs: src/guide/essentials/class-and-style.md

# Class and Style Bindings

> A common need for data binding is manipulating an element's class list and its inline styles. Since they are both attributes, we can use `v-bind` to handle them. we only need to calculate a final string with our expressions. However, meddling with string concatenation is annoying and error-prone. For this reason, Vue provides special enhancements when `v-bind` is used with `class` and `style`. In addition to strings, the expressions can also evaluate to objects or arrays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common need for data binding is manipulating an element's class list and its inline styles. Since they are both attributes, we can use `v-bind` to handle them since we only need to calculate a final string with our expressions. However, meddling with string concatenation is annoying and error-prone. For this reason, Vue provides special enhancements when `v-bind` is used with `class` and `style`. In addition to strings, the expressions can also evaluate to objects or arrays.
```

Reviewer: This might resolve the punctuation issue and resolve the odd transition between the two parts. What do people think?

> A common need for data binding is manipulating an element's class list and its inline styles. Since they are both attributes, we can use `v-bind` to handle them. we only need to calculate a final string with our expressions. However, meddling with string concatenation is annoying and error-prone. For this reason, Vue provides special enhancements when `v-bind` is used with `class` and `style`. In addition to strings, the expressions can also evaluate to objects or arrays.

Reviewer 2: I'm wondering about a slightly bigger rewording. I'm not overly keen on the existing use of the word 'only' in that sentence. I feel like that usage contradicts the docs guidelines about not invalidating the struggle.

```suggestion
A common need for data binding is manipulating an element's class list and inline styles. Since `class` and `style` are both attributes, we can use `v-bind` to assign them a string value dynamically, much like with other attributes. However, trying to generate those values using string manipulation can be annoying and error-prone. For this reason, Vue provides special enhancements when `v-bind` is used with `class` and `style`. In addition to strings, the expressions can also evaluate to objects or arrays.
```

Reviewer: Sorry for missing this @skirtles-code. I like your suggestion here better. Please go ahead and override my mistaken commit!
